oh so bored me too so signing we need to
go somewhere where it's not shiny do
your fireballs we don't need to pack
anything we got ourselves let's go come
on don't go get your groove on okay one
along that walk wake up
alright guys they move can't fireballs
if we were there but there's a shortcut
let's go road trip right yes that's what
the oldest cute flower boy just week
he's a new one we're getting close
don't worry guys we're really close
don't worry yeah yeah yeah let's just
get there welcome to Luigi's nature
Channel as you can see over there you
can see the spawn as you can see the
geese are very peaceful and they will
not run away from us at all I got you
Mario
as you can see it is slowly starting to
make a walkway Oh No well you free me
I'm coming for you oh oh
you guys okay yes - lets get to campfire
boss well guys after all of our hard
look and you being an idiot Mario he's
jumping in the water no I got dirty I
was Donkey Kong look my legs are
completely dirty Pikachu you're
disgusting - at least we made it send a
nice camping spot no this is the taping
spot here
let's just try to dry off and relax here
so beautiful look at the beautiful leek
alright guys I'm just gonna go take a
quick walk by myself now I'll see you
guys in a little bit
see you please to be nothing
I think go wrong I'm all alone now so I
can relax it's such a beautiful can't
buy a house that's so beautiful
a peaceful geese swimming by I love
being alone here so much fun and nothing
could go wrong
wait what's that what's that it is that
horrible monster hello is anyone there
Oh what OH
who's that guys wake up wake up Donkey
Kong wake up I hear something I'll get
you think you will get you down oh no
where I'm gonna get you down
just slowly or no I'm gonna get down L
know where's that monster all right
Mario I'm gonna need you to throw him in
the lake
here we go no don't go whoo
that wasn't the lake yet all right good
enough we're so dirty what are we gonna
do okay
I'm not gonna make it wait a second look
at all these leaves two new keys
I'll budget it the thing that makes more
you have that yeah yeah I'm feeling
better than ever
Oh finally guys that adventure is over
I'm so worn out huh let's just go down
over there take a rest
come on guys let's go come on let's go
is it just me or is it crowded in here
yeah it's kind of crowded in this bed
it's a good thing we made it out alive
and that's all that matters
just keep bathing my friends keep
bathing oh man we were so dirty from
that trip that sucks oh look what I am
now well Donkey Kong you look black now
yo yo yo Donkey Kong huh taking a bath
nice freezing cold bet well guys I guess
that's enough for today
um ah
all right guys some I'm gonna see you
guys later you guys keep bathing okay
see ya